{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red98\green147\blue254;\red230\green87\blue141;\red198\green50\blue253;
\red255\green118\blue111;\red114\green44\blue253;\red163\green217\blue121;\red0\green186\blue251;\red0\green68\blue254;
\red133\green0\blue175;\red164\green8\blue0;\red255\green83\blue8;\red46\green111\blue253;\red74\green0\blue230;
\red0\green90\blue124;\red43\green71\blue20;\red0\green31\blue103;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c38431\c57647\c99608;\csgenericrgb\c90196\c34118\c55294;\csgenericrgb\c77647\c19608\c99216;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c46275\c43529;\csgenericrgb\c44706\c17255\c99216;\csgenericrgb\c63922\c85098\c47451;\csgenericrgb\c0\c72941\c98431;\csgenericrgb\c0\c26667\c99608;
\csgenericrgb\c52157\c0\c68627;\csgenericrgb\c64314\c3137\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c32549\c3137;\csgenericrgb\c18039\c43529\c99216;\csgenericrgb\c29020\c0\c90196;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c35294\c48627;\csgenericrgb\c16863\c27843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c0\c12157\c40392;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 //1. Write a variable called color with a value of "dark blue".\
\
	
\b \cf2 var color = \'93dark blue\'94;
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//2. Write a variable, myFave, that has the value "My favorite color is \'93\'92\'92\
\
	
\b \cf3 var myFave = \'93My favorite color is \'93;
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//3. Use the variables from 1 and 2 to make myFavoriteColor equal\
//   "My favorite color is dark blue" (concatenate)\
\
	
\b \cf4 var myFavoriteColor = myFave + \'93 \'93 + color;
\b0  \cf0 \
\
//4. Create an array of strings that includes the letters a - d in order.\
\
	
\b \cf5 var aThroughD = [\'93a\'94, \'93b\'94, \'93c\'94, \'93d\'94];
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//5. Remove 'a' and store it to a variable called isForApple\
\
	
\b \cf6 var isForApple = aThroughD.shift();
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//6. Add 'e' to the end of aThroughD.\
	\
	
\b \cf7 aThroughD.push(\'93e\'94);
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//7. Add 'apple' to the beginning of aThroughD\
\
	
\b \cf8 aThroughD.unshift(\'93apple\'94);
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//8. Remove 'c' from the array and put 'cat' in its place\
\
	
\b \cf9 aThroughD.splice(2, 1, \'93cat\'94);\

\b0 \cf0 \
//9. Leave 'apple' in the array but put a copy of it on a var called bestFruit\
\
	
\b \cf10 var bestFruit = aThroughD[0];
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//10. Create an object called spaceJam\
//    spaceJam has: a title of 'Space Jam' (String)\
//                  a release_year of 1996 (Number)\
//                  is not an oscarAwardWinner (Boolean)\
//                  and has the stars Michael Jordan, Bugs Bunny, and Bill Murray (array of strings)\
\
\
\cf11 	
\b var spaceJam = \{\
		title: \'93Space Jam\'94, \
		year: 1996, \
		oscarAwardWinner: false,\
		stars: [\'93Michael Jordan\'94, \'93Bugs Bunny\'94, \'93Bill Murray\'94];\
	\}
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
//11. Change anakin's side to dark using bracket notation\
\
var anakinSkywalker =  \{\
  side: 'light',\
  other_names: ['Darth Vader', 'Ani'],\
  children: ['Luke', 'Leia'],\
  former_significant_other: 'Padme Amidala',\
  former_mother: 'Shmi Skywalker'\
\}\
\
\
	
\b \cf12 anakinSkywalker[\'93side\'94] = \'93dark\'94;
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//12. Add 'Jar Jar' to his children using dot\
\
	
\b \cf13 anakinSkywalker.children = \'93Jar Jar\'94;
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
//13. Loop through the object and remove any property that starts with former\
\
	
\b \cf14 for(var key in anakinSkywalker) \{\
		var obj = key.split(\'93_\'94);\
	if(key[0] === \'93former\'92) \{\
		delete anakinSkywalker[key];\
	\}\
	\}
\b0 \
\cf0 \
\
//14. Create a function called finder that takes in an array and a string and loops through the array\
//    to remove every instance of that string\
\
	
\b \cf15 function finder(arr, str) \{\
		for(var I = 0; I < arr.length; I++) \{\
			if(arr[I] === str) \{\
				str.splice( i, 1);\
			\}\
		\}\
	\}
\b0 \cf0 \
\
//15. Write a function called numChecker that takes in a parameter and checks to see if it is a number or a\
  //number in a string (ie '12' or 12) - if so, return true, else return false\
\
	
\b \cf11 function numChecker(num) \{\
		if(num/1 == num) \{\
			return true;\
		\} else \{\
			return false;\
		\}\
	\}
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
//16. Write a function called rightNow that returns a new date object\
\
	
\b \cf16 function rightNow() \{\
		return new Date();\
	\}
\b0 \
\cf0 \
\
//17. Write a function called whoAmI that takes in an object and returns the value of the\
//    object's name property, and if the object's name\
//    is undefined, return 'has amnesia'.\
\
	
\b \cf17 function whoAmI(obj) \{\
		if(typeof obj.name == \'93undefined\'94) \{\
			return \'93has amnesia\'94;\
		\}else\{\
			return obj.name;\
		\}\
	\}
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
//18. Write a function called returnMe that takes in a num and a callback function and\
//    returns the result of the callback function invoked with the num as a parameter\
\
	
\b \cf5 function returnMe(num, cb) \{\
		return cb(num);\
	\}
\b0 \cf0 \
	\
}